# # AccountEmailsInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**email_address** | **string** | An email address associated with a Constant Contact account owner. | [optional]
**email_id** | **int** | The unique ID for an email address in a Constant Contact account. | [optional]
**confirm_status** | **string** | The confirmation status of the account email address. When you add a new email address to an account, Constant Contact automatically sends an email to that address with a link to confirm it. You can use any account email address with a &lt;code&gt;CONFIRMED&lt;/code&gt; status to create an email campaign. | [optional]
**confirm_time** | **\DateTime** | The date that the email address changed to &lt;code&gt;CONFIRMED&lt;/code&gt; status in ISO-8601 format. | [optional]
**confirm_source_type** | **string** | Describes who confirmed the email address. Valid values are:   &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;SITE_OWNER — The Constant Contact account owner confirmed the email address.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;SUPPORT — Constant Contact support staff confirmed the email address.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;FORCEVERIFY — Constant Contact confirmed the email address without sending a confirmation email.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;PARTNER — A Constant Contact partner confirmed the email address.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional]
**roles** | **string[]** | Specifies the current role of a confirmed email address in an account. Each email address can have multiple roles or no role. Possible role values are: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;CONTACT — The contact email for the Constant Contact account owner. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;CONTACT&lt;/code&gt; role email.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;BILLING — The billing address for the Constant Contact account. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;BILLING&lt;/code&gt; role email.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;JOURNALING — An email address that Constant Contact forwards all sent email campaigns to as part of the partner journaling compliance feature.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;REPLY_TO — The contact email used in the email campaign signature. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;REPLY_TO&lt;/code&gt; role email.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;OTHER — An email address that does not fit into the other categories.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; You can use any confirmed email address in the email campaign &lt;code&gt;from_email&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;reply_to_email&lt;/code&gt; headers. | [optional]
**pending_roles** | **string[]** | The planned role for an unconfirmed email address. Possible role values are: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;CONTACT — The contact email for the Constant Contact account owner. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;CONTACT&lt;/code&gt; role email.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;BILLING — The billing address for the Constant Contact account. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;BILLING&lt;/code&gt; role email.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;JOURNALING — The email address that Constant Contact forwards all sent email campaigns to as part of the partner journaling compliance feature.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;REPLY_TO — The contact email used in the email campaign signature. Each account can only have one &lt;code&gt;REPLY_TO&lt;/code&gt; role email. &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;OTHER — An email address that does not fit into the other categories.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
