# # EmailCampaignActivity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**campaign_activity_id** | **string** | Identifies a campaign activity in the V3 API. | [optional] [readonly]
**campaign_id** | **string** | Identifies a campaign in the V3 API. | [optional] [readonly]
**role** | **string** | The purpose of the individual campaign activity in the larger email campaign effort. Valid values are: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;primary_email — The main email marketing campaign that you send to contacts. The &lt;code&gt;primary_email&lt;/code&gt; contains the complete email content.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;permalink — A permanent link to a web accessible version of the &lt;code&gt;primary_email&lt;/code&gt; content without any personalized email information. For example, permalinks do not contain any of the contact details that you add to the &lt;code&gt;primary_email&lt;/code&gt; email content. &lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;resend — An email campaign that you resend to contacts that did not open the email campaign.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; Constant Contact creates a &lt;code&gt;primary_email&lt;/code&gt; and a &lt;code&gt;permalink&lt;/code&gt; role campaign activity when you create an email campaign. | [optional] [readonly]
**contact_list_ids** | **string[]** | The contacts that Constant Contact sends the email campaign activity to as an array of contact &lt;code&gt;list_id&lt;/code&gt; values. You cannot use contact lists and segments at the same time in an email campaign activity. | [optional]
**segment_ids** | **int[]** | The contacts that Constant Contact sends the email campaign activity to as an array containing a single &lt;code&gt;segment_id&lt;/code&gt; value. Only &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 3, 4, and 5 email campaign activities support segments. You cannot use contact lists and segments at the same time in an email campaign activity. | [optional]
**current_status** | **string** | The current status of the email campaign activity. Valid values are: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;DRAFT — An email campaign activity that you have created but have not sent to contacts.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;SCHEDULED — An email campaign activity that you have scheduled for Constant Contact to send to contacts.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;EXECUTING — An email campaign activity Constant Contact is currently sending to contacts. Email campaign activities are only in this status briefly.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;DONE — An email campaign activity that you successfully sent to contacts.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;ERROR — An email campaign activity that encountered an error.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;REMOVED — An email campaign that a user deleted. Users can view and restore deleted emails through the UI.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [readonly]
**format_type** | **int** | Identifies the type of email format. Valid values are: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;1 - A legacy custom code email created using the V2 API, the V3 API, or the legacy UI HTML editor.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;2 - An email created using the second generation email editor UI.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;3 - An email created using the third generation email editor UI. This email editor features an improved drag and drop UI and mobile responsiveness.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;4 - An email created using the fourth generation email editor UI.&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;5 - A custom code email created using the V3 API or the new UI HTML editor.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [readonly]
**from_email** | **string** | The email \&quot;From Email\&quot; field for the email campaign activity. You must use a confirmed Constant Contact account email address. Make a GET call to &lt;code&gt;/account/emails&lt;/code&gt; to return a collection of account emails and their confirmation status. |
**from_name** | **string** | The email \&quot;From Name\&quot; field for the email campaign activity. |
**reply_to_email** | **string** | The email \&quot;Reply To Email\&quot; field for the email campaign activity. You must use a confirmed Constant Contact account email address. Make a GET call to &lt;code&gt;/account/emails&lt;/code&gt; to return a collection of account emails and their confirmation status. |
**subject** | **string** | The email \&quot;Subject\&quot; field for the email campaign activity. |
**html_content** | **string** | The HTML or XHTML content for the email campaign activity. Only &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 5 (legacy custom code emails or modern custom code emails) can contain &lt;code&gt;html_content&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional]
**template_id** | **string** | Identifies the email layout and design template that the email campaign activity is using as a base. | [optional] [readonly]
**permalink_url** | **string** | The permanent link to a web accessible version of the email campaign content without any personalized email information. The permalink URL becomes accessible after you send an email campaign to contacts. | [optional] [readonly]
**preheader** | **string** | The email preheader for the email campaign activity. Only &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 3, 4, and 5 email campaign activities use the preheader property. | [optional]
**physical_address_in_footer** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\EmailPhysicalAddress**](EmailPhysicalAddress.md) |  | [optional]
**document_properties** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\EmailCampaignActivityDocumentProperties**](EmailCampaignActivityDocumentProperties.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
