# # EmailCampaignActivityDocumentProperties

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**style_content** | **string** | Contains style sheet elements for XHTML letter format emails. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional]
**letter_format** | **string** | Email message format. Valid values are &lt;code&gt;HTML&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;XHTML&lt;/code&gt;. By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;HTML&lt;/code&gt;. For more information, see the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;http://www.constantcontact.com/display_media.jsp?id&#x3D;87\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Advanced Editor User&#39;s Guide&lt;/a&gt;. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. You cannot change this property after you create an email. | [optional] [readonly] [default to 'HTML']
**greeting_salutation** | **string** | The greeting used in the email message. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional]
**greeting_name_type** | **string** | The type of name the campaign uses to greet the contact. Valid values are &lt;code&gt;F&lt;/code&gt; (First Name), &lt;code&gt;L&lt;/code&gt; (Last Name), &lt;code&gt;B&lt;/code&gt; (First and Last Name), or &lt;code&gt;N&lt;/code&gt; (No greeting). By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;N&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional] [default to 'N']
**greeting_secondary** | **string** | A fallback text string the campaign uses to greet the contact when the &lt;code&gt;greeting_name_type&lt;/code&gt; is not available or set to &lt;code&gt;N&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional]
**subscribe_link_enabled** | **string** | If &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, the email footer includes a link for subscribing to the list. If &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;, the message footer does not include a link for subscribing to the list. By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional] [default to 'false']
**subscribe_link_name** | **string** | The text displayed as the name for the subscribe link in the email footer. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional]
**text_content** | **string** | Contains the text content that Constant Contact displays to contacts when their email client cannot display HTML email. If you do not specify text content, Constant Contact displays \&quot;Greetings!\&quot; as the text content. This property applies only to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1. | [optional]
**permission_reminder_enabled** | **string** | If &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, Constant Contact displays your &lt;code&gt;permission_reminder&lt;/code&gt; message to contacts at top of the email. If &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;, Constant Contact does not display the message. By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional] [default to 'false']
**permission_reminder** | **string** | The message text Constant Contact displays at the top of the email message to remind users that they are subscribed to an email list. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional]
**view_as_webpage_enabled** | **string** | If &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, Constant Contact displays the view as web page email message. If &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; Constant Contact does not display the message. By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional] [default to 'false']
**view_as_webpage_text** | **string** | The text Constant Contact displays before the view as web page link at the top of the email. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional]
**view_as_webpage_link_name** | **string** | The name of the link that users can click to view the email as a web page. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional]
**forward_email_link_enabled** | **string** | If &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, when the user forwards an email message the footer includes a link for subscribing to the list. If &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;, when a user forwards an email message the footer does not include a link for subscribing to the list. By default, the value is &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional] [default to 'false']
**forward_email_link_name** | **string** | The text displayed as the name for the forward email link in the footer when a user forwards an email. This property applies to &lt;code&gt;format_type&lt;/code&gt; 1 and 2. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
